Update Logic component in DevGuide + Update undo/redo implementation (#126)
AY1920S1-CS2103T-T13-4/main: docs/DeveloperGuide.adoc

> image::LogicClassDiagram.png[]

Reviewer: Maybe before the picture can have a preface introducing the image

*API* :
link:{repoURL}/src/main/java/seedu/mark/logic/Logic.java[`Logic.java`]

> *  `Logic` uses the `MarkParser` class to parse the user command.

Reviewer: Should have preface here also;
also need parallel structure

*  This results in a `Command` object which is executed by the `LogicManager`.
*  The command execution can affect the `Model` (e.g. adding a bookmark).
*  The result of the command execution is encapsulated as a `CommandResult` object which is passed back to the `Ui`.
*  In addition, the `CommandResult` object can also instruct the `Ui` to perform certain actions, such as displaying help to the user.

> Given below is the Sequence Diagram for interactions within the `Logic` component for the `execute("delete 1")` API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given below is the Sequence Diagram for interactions within the `Logic` component for the `execute("delete 1")` API call as an example to show you how the `Logic` component works:
```

Reviewer 2: Building on @kxyoke's suggestion:

```suggestion
As an example of how the `Logic` component works, the following Sequence Diagram shows the interactions within the `Logic` component for the `execute("delete 1")` API call:
```
